>> Will Sentance: We are live.
Hello and welcome to artificial
intelligence and machine learning for
software engineers, prediction and
neural networks on Frontend Masters.
Let's have an enormous thank
you to Frontend Masters.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Will Sentance: As you can hear,
we have hundreds of people
here in the room, but
we're gonna select just seven
of them to introduce themselves.
Here we go, machine learning, artificial
intelligence, and neural networks.
I'm just delighted to be able
to share this with everybody,
because prediction in software engineering
changes what we can build with code.
We're gonna be able to do things
like predicting fraud, okay?
Maybe we've heard of this before,
maybe a fraud detection model.
We're gonna build one.
We're gonna build a DoorDash refund
predictor that's gonna allow us to
automatically give a refund, improve
the product experience on DoorDash,
or Uber Eats, or other delivery services.
But predicting fraud, it's gonna extend
to predicting the content of images.
It's gonna turn out to be no fundamental
difference to predicting fraud.
We're then gonna discover you can extend
that to predicting responses to questions.
All of this prediction,
this ability to see the future,
I never said that phrase before,
that may be a bad way of describing it.
Is gonna enable not only bridge and fraud,
image content, responses to questions.
But also emergent phenomena,
and maybe even intelligence,
if all we think there is in
the universe is distributions of data.
We'll see what all of this means for
these terms, will all come out.
But at the core of all this
grand set of goals is one thing,
the ability to develop rules to match
patterns in known data, a sample.
Again, see all these terms
in the coming slides.
And then generalize to a population,
from a sample to a population,
where we have unknown data that we want
to, instead of know, we want to predict.
These transformative things are gonna be
powered by enormous amount of compute.
That is the processing power that it
takes to do the work of prediction or
to do the work of generating the tools to
do prediction, is remarkably heavy lift.
This is why Nvidia is worth,
how much today?
Is it in the billions?
Well, I guess definitionally it's in
the millions, I guess, definitionally.
But is it in the billions?
Is it in the trillions?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Will Sentance: Uh-huh,
how many [LAUGH] trillions?
>> Speaker 3: 3.5.
>> Will Sentance: Three and
half trillion dollars,
all because of the demand for compute.
It also requires a deep
understanding of the data and
exploratory introspection
into the nature of the data.
And phenomenal creative scientific
research, two of the Nobel Prize winners
this year, two of the Nobel Prizes, sorry,
more than two of the Nobel Prize winners.
Two of the Nobel Prizes this
year were from breakthroughs
in scientific research that
backs up all this work.
One by Geoffrey Hinton, who also
popularized an algorithm that we'll
work with today, or at least work towards,
known as backpropagation,
a key part of building
out neural networks.
Enormous amount of scientific research
has gone into all this work, or
to find the best fit rules, known as
models, to capture the patterns in data.
Software engineers, all of us,
are at the heart of turning these machine
learning AI models into products.
Things you can use, things that can,
quote, change the world.
In collaboration with machine learning
engineers and data scientists.